well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about being
tired
just being exhausted
because i think a lot of people are
there nationally i think that's where
we're at
how many times have you been watching a
movie
and you heard the line oh he was
three days to retirement he was about to
rotate home
yeah it's it's used a lot because it's
an
easy gimmick to get you to feel for the
character
at the same time that cliche exists
because there's an element of truth to
it
in fields where you always
are in a state of caution
towards the end you tend to become lacks
in the contracting community there
there's a saying in the fight until
you're on the flight
to you are literally on the plane home
you exercise personal security
because if you don't you settle into a
routine and
in that world routines are bad it makes
you predictable
you you don't want that you want to
exercise all the precaution that you can
even though you're in a state of caution
if you don't that is when bad things
happen
you have to stay in it until the end
right now on a national level
we are at the end of our tour it's the
way it seems
for a lot of people i'm sure that's how
it feels
the last four years have been
unforgiving the last year
in particular it's been endless scandals
it's been a public health issue that is
out of control and shows no signs of
coming under control
it is endless fires hurricanes unrest
a economy in tatters
yeah got it got it
but it's not over and it's not routine
it isn't routine i know that it's hard
to take precautions when you are
constantly in a state of caution
but you have to you don't really have a
choice on this one
when you are out and about do everything
you can to mitigate risk
because there are still people out there
that do not get it they're still having
to explain that this is worse than the
flu
if you are a medical provider do
everything that you're supposed to
make sure that you have everything on
that you're supposed to don't get lacks
don't settle into a routine
i understand that it's every day but
it's not
routine this is not a routine situation
mitigate all the risk you can because
there's a whole bunch of people out
there
who aren't they aren't doing their part
at some point this long national
nightmare will
end but we're not there yet
we are not there yet and i'm seeing
people get very comfortable
because of poll numbers and stuff like
that
those numbers don't mean anything they
mean nothing
that's what could happen if everybody
follows through
it's just like the projections where
everything's getting better
as far as the public health thing yeah
that's what could happen if everybody
follows through with what they're
supposed to do
however we know that as soon as those
numbers come out people get complacent
and they think it's over it's not
that particular issue does not end until
there is a safe
available reliable treatment or vaccine
doesn't end until then that doesn't stop
um we have to stay in the game
stay in the fight until we are on the
flight
we don't even have our ticket yet
everybody needs to continue to exercise
the precautions they need to we've got a
big hurricane
brewing up in the gulf if you are
anywhere in that
very wide cone
make sure that you're ready make sure
you're ready you don't want to
complicate
an already exhausting situation
by not being ready
and everybody
at this point needs to realize it's not
over
it's not over don't become overconfident
don't settle into a routine don't think
that it's in the bag
because the second you think that
that's when you end up in one
it will end make sure you're around to
see it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day